Let's look at an example.
Here is a line chart showing the average and
median conversion rate across the year of 2016.
As you can see from this line chart,
the average conversion rate didn't seem to go above 0.35.
That is 35 percent of our CRC turned into sale acquisitions on average.
However, if you slice the data by regions,
you see that the story is much more interesting.
In fact, the Eastcoast region was able to demonstrate
a higher conversion rate than 0.35, close to 0.6.
You may even choose to contrast and compare the strategies used by
the sales team in the Eastcoast region and apply those lessons to the other regions.
Perhaps, they did some [inaudible] test that worked better,
and they can be adopted in other regions,
such as the Southwest region.
Or you may find that it is a matter of cities within the eastern coast region,
and the urban locations or high density of grocery stores in urban locations,
food preferences of customers.
All of these factors may be contributing to these differences.
But you can only arrive at these decisions if you slice the data and look at the details.